So free
Where are you going?
You're lost
Dollar tree headset
Freer than a public restroom
You're literally dog water
0pr, earning check, oh wait you have none
Freer than JFK sitting in his car
Grab the bomb, at least you will carry something this game
Yo how much did you tag that wall for?
You have the map awareness of Christopher Columbus
ESC ---> Help & Options ---> How to Play
the pros play this game for money, i play this game for fun, and you play this game to waste electricity
Man I have more kills than you IRL
The only thing you carry is an extra chromosome
How do you change your difficulty settings? I think mine is stuck on easy
Is that a decoy, or are you trying to shoot somebody?
I could swallow bullets and shit out a better spray than that
I'm glad the dumpsters behind planned parenthood have WiFi, so failed abortions like you can play CS
If i wanted to kill myself, i would jump from your ego to your elo
Even Noah can't carry these animals
Are you derank lobby?
You're playing like your eyeballs are high-fiving each other
Are you greece? because you really cant handle your fucking economy right now
Choose your excuse: 1. Lag | 2. Shitty teammates | 3. Hacks | 4. Smurf | 5. My ping is high yours isn't | 6. Luck | 7. 64 tick
Did you guys eco too?!
Lol ur fucking bad
So ez
Free elo
Worse movement than steven hawking
Playing on Oceania servers
So lost lost like atlantis
Enemy team rolling through
I bet you found your rank in a cereal box
More silver than a cutlery drawer
Wow! If only your parents weren't siblings!
I didn't know bots could have avatar pictures
How do you turn the difficulty up on these bots?
This kid is using AirPods
Yo dude, bottomfragger isn't really a player role
Did Michael J Fox teach you how to spray?
Your Ping is Higher than your IQ
Stop hoarding all the chromosomes
Go to this website, it will help you! >> http://www.wikihow.com/Cope-With-Periods
Don't talking please
Was it hard playing CS:GO for 500 hours without knowing how to adjust your mouse while firing?
Its ok dude we got enough of a headstart you can turn on your monitor now
You clearly don't drive manual, that was the worst clutch I've ever seen
The way you play you must think that everyone is hacking
Surprised you can reach the keyboard from your highchair
Is that your spray on the wall or are you just happy to see me?
You only killed me because I ran out of health
Bro you couldn't hit an elephant in the ass with a shotgun with aim like that
You're the human equivalent of a participation award
You know your team is trying to win right?
Oops, I must have chosen easy bots by accident
Some babies were dropped on their heads but you were clearly thrown at a wall
Did you know that csgo is free to uninstall?
If only you could hit an enemy as much as your dad hits you
I would call you AIDS but at least AIDS gets kills
Who are you sponsored by? Parkinson's?
How did you change your difficulty settings? My CS:GO is stuck on easy
Is your monitor on?
No seriously? Is that shit even on?
You might as well start hacking, that way you could finally achieve something, a ban
It's a joke, not a cock, don't take it so hard
Is that a decoy, or are you trying to shoot somebody?
I would ask you how old you are but I know you can't count that high
Deranking?
Why don't you slip into something more comefortable? Like a coma?
You REALLY gotta win those
Buy sound next time
I can't tell if that's your score, or the temperature in Antarctica
With aim like that, I pity whoever has to clean the floor around your toilet
Mentally challenged people don't want to be referred to as 'Retarded' becuase they don't want to be compared to you
I'd tell you where the uninstall button is but you'd miss that one too